## Growth as a Data Person
- I feel that my growth as a data person as tremondously improved since starting this course. There have been many things that I thought would not have been possible but after being half way through this course. Focusing on statistical computing, graphic ideas and methods we have employed learning them. Firstly with statistical computing, we just learned how to build [functions](https://github.com/JADunivan5/activity09-functions-intro/blob/main/activity09-functions-intro.md) that make life easier when we have to repeat portions of code over and over. Next moving towards graphic methods, through my project this semester I have been exploring [NFL](https://github.com/JADunivan5/STA418_Project/blob/main/NFL_Project.Rmd) data. Throughout this process it has been imperative to have graphical displays to under the data. For example, lightly explaining this process, I have been working to chart play types by occurences on the down they happen. Using the ggplot method I have been able to accomplish this so far, I would still like to explore other graphic models other than what I currently have. For the final part about the moethods we employed in learning them I would like to point towards the activities we work on during class, so a activity I found to be extremely heplful in my growth as a data person was our [Denny's](https://github.com/JADunivan5/activity07-joins/blob/main/activity07-joins.Rmd) activity, more specifically the mutate portion as I had to do something similar in my NFL porject. I would like to say the idea of using shiny apps will show my growth as data person allowing me to better represent graphical displays in possible gui setups. (I think we went over it in classesbut I might have missed it because I could not figure out how to access the shiny apps website outside of R. I would gladly insert a photo example if I could)
- Now, how do these items show growth?
  - I chose these items because I felt that they best exmplify the growth that I have had throughout this class. After doing the activities such as last weeks with the functions or the [Denny's activity](https://github.com/JADunivan5/activity07-joins/blob/main/activity07-joins.Rmd) (more specifically line 121 "filter" command), I found that there are things in there I could use to develop my project and take it a step further. Finally I feel that best exmplifies my growth with the graphical methods because from I first started working on the graphical displays it was nightmare to read. Now, after working through issues with my professor I feel more confident in being able to recreate more graphical displays in the project. Taking the graphical display portion a step further by using shiny apps you can now make them ineractive.
